README.md, before:

# Nanvix modified, AS INFO4

[![Join us on Slack!](https://img.shields.io/badge/chat-on%20Slack-e01563.svg)](https://join.slack.com/t/nanvix/shared_invite/zt-1yu30bs28-nsNmw8IwCyh6MBBV~B~X7w)

This repository hosts a version of Nanvix modified by
- Antonia IVANOVA,
- Rémi GAULMIN.

This work takes place in the class *Architecture des Systèmes* in Polytech Grenoble for the INFO4 students

In the `main` branch you can find the original, cloned version of Nanvix.
You can find different schedulers on different branches:
- On branch `prio-sched`: Priority Scheduling
- On branch `mlq-sched`: Multiple Queues Scheduling
- On branch `sched-lod`: Lottery Scheduling

## What Is Nanvix?

> This repository hosts the educational version of Nanvix.

Nanvix is a Unix-like operating system written by [Pedro Henrique
Penna](https://github.com/ppenna) for educational purposes. It is designed to be
simple and small, but also modern and fully featured.

## What Hardware Is Required?

Nanvix targets 32-bit x86-based PCs and only requires a floppy or
CD-ROM drive and 16 MB of RAM. You can run it either in a real PC
or in a virtual machine, using a system image.



## License and Maintainers

Nanvix is a free software that is under the GPL V3 license and is
maintained by Pedro Henrique Penna. Any questions or suggestions send him an
email: <pedrohenriquepenna@gmail.com>

Commit message:

priority scheduler branch : prio-sched

README.md, after:

# Nanvix modified, AS INFO4

[![Join us on Slack!](https://img.shields.io/badge/chat-on%20Slack-e01563.svg)](https://join.slack.com/t/nanvix/shared_invite/zt-1yu30bs28-nsNmw8IwCyh6MBBV~B~X7w)

This repository hosts a version of Nanvix modified by
- Antonia IVANOVA,
- Rémi GAULMIN.

This work takes place in the class *Architecture des Systèmes* in Polytech Grenoble for the INFO4 students

You are in the `prio-sched` branch where the priority scheduler is implemented.

## What Is Nanvix?

> This repository hosts the educational version of Nanvix.

Nanvix is a Unix-like operating system written by [Pedro Henrique
Penna](https://github.com/ppenna) for educational purposes. It is designed to be
simple and small, but also modern and fully featured.

## What Hardware Is Required?

Nanvix targets 32-bit x86-based PCs and only requires a floppy or
CD-ROM drive and 16 MB of RAM. You can run it either in a real PC
or in a virtual machine, using a system image.



## License and Maintainers

Nanvix is a free software that is under the GPL V3 license and is
maintained by Pedro Henrique Penna. Any questions or suggestions send him an
email: <pedrohenriquepenna@gmail.com>
